README.md, before:

<div align="center">

![Error page screenshot](src/icons/ext-icon-128.png)

# Responsive Image Linter

**A Chrome extension to test your responsive images**

[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/peter-neumann-dev/responsive-image-linter?color=0D9488&sort=semver&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/peter-neumann-dev/responsive-image-linter/releases)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/peter-neumann-dev/responsive-image-linter?color=0D9488&style=for-the-badge)](LICENSE)

[![CKEditor Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/💾_Repository-1E293B?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/peter-neumann-dev/responsive-image-linter)
[![CKEditor Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/🐛_Issues-1E293B?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/peter-neumann-dev/responsive-image-linter)

</div>

## 🚀 What it does

The extension is an alternative for the original [RespImageLint](https://github.com/ausi/respimagelint)
bookmarklet, but uses the original code from it. Due to some browsers or used
privacy settings, bookmarklets can't be used. This extension is a workaround for
this problem.

Instead of running on click on your bookmark, it will run the checks on click of
the extension icon and execute the same checks as the bookmarklet and display
the results at [ausi.github.io/respimagelint](https://ausi.github.io/respimagelint).

## 💎 Credits

The extention is based on
the [RespImageLint](https://github.com/ausi/respimagelint) bookmarklet
by [ausi](https://github.com/ausi)

Current used
version: [b9233f2](https://github.com/ausi/respimagelint/commit/b9233f2e787868fe52e243f285164a5e268ba82f)

## ⭐ License

This project is licensed under the terms of the [MIT license](LICENSE)

Commit message:

📝 [TASK] Add chrome web store link and installation options to readme

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

![Extension logo](docs/images/symbol.png)

# Responsive Image Linter

**A Chrome extension to test your responsive images**

[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/peter-neumann-dev/responsive-image-linter?color=0D9488&sort=semver&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/peter-neumann-dev/responsive-image-linter/releases)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/peter-neumann-dev/responsive-image-linter?color=0D9488&style=for-the-badge)](LICENSE)

[![chrome web store](https://img.shields.io/badge/chrome_web_store-1E293B?style=for-the-badge&logo=googlechrome&logoColor=white)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/responsive-image-linter/mnddginionlghpblkimpdalcecpnbjln)
[![Repository](https://img.shields.io/badge/💾_Repository-1E293B?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/peter-neumann-dev/responsive-image-linter)
[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/badge/🐛_Issues-1E293B?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/peter-neumann-dev/responsive-image-linter)

</div>

## 🚀 What it does

The extension is an alternative for the original [RespImageLint](https://github.com/ausi/respimagelint)
bookmarklet, but uses the original code from it. Due to some browsers or used
privacy settings, bookmarklets can't be used. This extension is a workaround for
this problem.

Instead of running on click on your bookmark, it will run the checks on click of
the extension icon and execute the same checks as the bookmarklet and display
the results at [ausi.github.io/respimagelint](https://ausi.github.io/respimagelint).

## 🔥 Installation

### Chrome Web Store

[![Chrome Web Store](https://img.shields.io/badge/chrome_web_store-1E293B?style=for-the-badge&logo=googlechrome&logoColor=white)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/responsive-image-linter/mnddginionlghpblkimpdalcecpnbjln)

### Manual

1. Download the latest [Release](https://github.com/peter-neumann-dev/responsive-image-linter/releases)
2. Unzip the downloaded archive to a folder
3. Open the Extension Management page by navigating to `chrome://extensions`.
4. Enable Developer Mode by clicking the toggle switch next to **Developer mode**.
5. Click the **Load unpacked** button and select the unzipped folder to install it.
6. Done! ✅

## 💎 Credits

The extention is based on the [RespImageLint](https://github.com/ausi/respimagelint)
bookmarklet by [ausi](https://github.com/ausi)

Current used version: [b9233f2](https://github.com/ausi/respimagelint/commit/b9233f2e787868fe52e243f285164a5e268ba82f)

## ⭐ License

This project is licensed under the terms of the [MIT license](LICENSE)
